Add public planning application show endpoint (#1892)
unboxed/bops: docs/schema-update.md

- Retrieve example responses from the [ODP schema examples], using the correct tag and subdirectory for the new version (e.g., tag `v3.1.4` subdirectory `v3.1.4/examples/`)
  - Note that these do not all match our naming scheme but mostly do correspond in a logical way; e.g., their `lawfulDevelopmentCertificate/existing.json` becomes our `validLawfulDevelopmentCeriticateExisting.json` and so on
  - If a file that exists in the previous version's examples does not exist in their repository, copy it from our previous version

> - Run `rake api:docs:generate`
> - Update the list of tested versions in `engines/bops_api/spec/controllers/v2/planning_applications_controller_spec.rb`
> - Update the Swagger documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the list of tested versions in `engines/bops_api/spec/controllers/v2/planning_applications_controller_spec.rb`
- Update the Swagger documentation by running `rake api:docs:generate`
```
